New design system (#34415)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/company/product-groups.md

### Design system

> The 🧩 ["Design System"](https://www.figma.com/design/gxvU745LfOdkE9AuRg64wi/%F0%9F%A7%A9-Design-system?m=auto&t=W2veYzs26HtFQH2B-6) component library in Figma is the source of truth for components. Components in the product (documented in [Storybook](https://fleetdm.com/storybook/)) should match the style of components defined in the Figma library. If the frontend component is inconsistent with one in the Figma library, treat that as a [bug](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/engineering#finding-bugs). As new components are being created, or existing components are being updated, ensure updates are applied to both the Figma Library and Storybook and guidelines are documented in Figma.

Author: ```suggestion
The 🧩 ["Design System"](https://www.figma.com/files/project/15701210) component library in Figma is the source of truth for components. Components in the product (documented in [Storybook](https://fleetdm.com/storybook/)) should match the style of components defined in the Figma library. If the frontend component is inconsistent with one in the Figma library, treat that as a [bug](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/engineering#finding-bugs). As new components are being created, or existing components are being updated, ensure updates are applied to both the Figma Library and Storybook and guidelines are documented in Figma.
```
